生物力学模型包括肌骨建模和神经延迟建模.首先是生物力学 建模zaigu

其次是引入神经延迟对于控制的重要性，引入神经延迟的生物力学建模

The idea of modeling the postural control during quiet standing is a very complicated task, involving  interactions between musculoskeletal biomechanical modeling and neurosensory system. Single Inverted pendulum(SIP) model was the most widely and classical  used model for human balance control, which aims to control CoP movement through ankle and hip joint muscles, eliciting "ankle strategy" for sagittal plane motion control through ankle plantarflexor and hip loading/unloading mechanism for frontal plane motion control.  the synchronization between CoM of each segments and whole body CoM in temporal and spatal and proportional relationship beween Cop-COM and horizantal Com acceleration suggested its rationality in modeling human postural control as inverted pendulum.  Meanwhile others pointed out SIP being a over-simplfied model underestimated the lower extremity multi joints coordination , and developed double or triple inverted pendulum model to describe the more specific biomechanical characteristics of all three joints though calculating the cross-correlation between these joints' mechanic variable. bi-articular muscles could contribute to the coupling relationship between adjacent joints. furthermore , human postural response to multiple direction perturbation can be decouple into two otrhogonal directions(AP and ML), which was dominated by flexor/dorsiflexor ankle net joint moment in the AP direction and enversor/inversor ankle NJS and hip ab/abductor NJS in ML direction. while, engaged leg model's  simulating results suggested that ankle stiffness in the ML seem not to be instrumental to stability, as well as validated by SIP. thus hip joint played an key role in frontal plane balance control during quiet standing  or mulitple direction perturbation involved right and left. Response delay caused by neuralsensory system and muscular contraction is about 140ms for young subject, and further delayed by 10 to 30 ms for the elderly, which has been taken as additional variable into biomechanical modelling either to reproduce the refined postural response as much as possible.  the inverted pendulum modelling involving time couse taken by neursensory high-lights the importance of co-adapting ankle stiffness and sensorimotor gains, or would induce worse  resulting initial conditions(COM fall faster and further) when the  supra-spinal control will have to deal with and increase the fall risk. thus, joint stiffness control could be important in response to unexpected external perturbation which would act immediatedly as the the joint angle changes, without time delay.

踝关节的矢状面和踝关节与髋关节的冠状面的控制是的正交的在不同方向的扰动中得到了证明。多平面耦合生物力学建模强调了髋关节在冠状面上的作用，踝关节内外翻的影响并不大



Candidate mechanisms range from active neural feedback control including spinal  reflexes and supra-spinal circuitry (e.g., see a recent review by Mori et al.,  2016) to simple stiffness control, which is related to the passive  characteristics of human biomechanics including mechanical impedance of muscles  and joints, or a combination of the two. This study aimed to examine which  mechanism was the most physiologically plausible