静态平衡很重要 重要在什么地方,老年人能力不够 相关疾病

Age-related deterioration of sensory and neuromuscular control mechanisms 

影响静态平衡的因素

ML方向相较于其他方向更为重要

perception and execution

主要是分析外骨骼可以介入的点



Maintaining balance during quiet standing is important for reducing unexpected falls. age-related deterioration of sensory and neuromuscular control mechanism 认知障碍.具体的疾病会造成怎样的影响感觉系统输入或者肌力控制不足等问题。会对coP造成那些影响，除此之外，截肢患者由于load distribution asymmetry, 同样也会造成平衡问题，研究显示。。。健侧承担了更大的负担。ML 方向问题 综上所述静态平衡问题需要解决。目前的解决方式有哪些，但是存在着不足。静态平衡need both perception and execution of movements. 外骨骼作为传感器单元可以解决perception问题，外动力驱动单元同样可以提供代偿，弥补由于疾病造成的肌力下降等因素



保持静态平衡是一项复杂的任务需要神经系统和的多种介入，以maintain in base of support .

The CNS uses integrative sensory feedback to control balance and compensate for  instabilities. The upright human body,for example, is unstable and its balance is continuously stabilized through the integration of visual, vestibular, proprioceptive, and other sensory inputs.

Maintaining balance during quiet standing is an indispensable capacity for performing routine activities of daily living including ... . it is a complicated task which consisted of three following parts (acquisition of somatosensory information, processing of central neural system,and execution of muscle  ) the integration of visual, vestibular, proprioceptive, and other sensory inputs.。CoP-CoM signal could be error signal for balance control. after CNS  uses integrative sensory feedback to control balance and compensate for instability. CNS actively relied on both local spinal reflexes and high level of other sensor information input. Lower extremity and trunk muscle as end-effectors its activity pattern  would be modulated  synergies approacately by CNS for generating conpensative joint movement in response to internal or external perturbations.

Balance disorder  commonly occurs in those diseases which induced impairments of sensorimotor  control and neuromuscular system. Individuals with low back pain experienced reduced proprioception in the spine which compress the sensation of joints' position and perceived timing of muscular contraction, and reduced postural control capacity presented by larger COP area and higher velocity than healthy controls. The stroke patients showed excessive postural sway and instability, particular in frontal plane influenced the anticipatory postural control due to the complex interplay of motor,sensory and cognitive impairments. besides above limited listed above diseases, age-related deterioration of sensor information perception and cognitive distraction and deficits of neuromuscular control have been broadly reported, which could cause the decline of postural control during quiet standing. amputee showed  significant greater CoP excursion in both and ML and AP direction, negative ML CoP position implied that it's closer to non-amputated side and cause asymmetry in body weight distribution (https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1360859221001108), loading/unloading mechanism dominated by hip joint influence COP shift in ML plane has a stronger correlation with ML balance control.



目前保持平衡的手段主要通过练习或者平衡康复。外骨骼作为集成传感器，计算单元和执行单元很好的补偿了上述因为疾病造成的不足。其中传感器获取信息输入，计算单元负责处理误差信号反馈并生成控制信号驱动外动力执行元件辅助代偿由于疾病 造成的平衡功能缺陷。

Sensory is critical for actuator motor performance





生物力学模型包括肌骨建模和神经延迟建模.首先是生物力学 建模zaigu

其次是引入神经延迟对于控制的重要性，引入神经延迟的生物力学建模

The idea of modeling the postural control during quiet standing is a very complicated task, involving  interactions between musculoskeletal biomechanical modeling and neurosensory system. Single Inverted pendulum(SIP) model was the most widely and classical  used model for human balance control, which aims to control CoP movement through ankle and hip joint muscles, eliciting "ankle strategy" for sagittal plane motion control through ankle plantarflexor and hip loading/unloading mechanism for frontal plane motion control.  the synchronization between CoM of each segments and whole body CoM in temporal and spatal and proportional relationship beween Cop-COM and horizantal Com acceleration suggested its rationality in modeling human postural control as inverted pendulum.  Meanwhile others pointed out SIP being a over-simplfied model underestimated the lower extremity multi joints coordination , and developed double or triple inverted pendulum model to describe the more specific biomechanical characteristics of all three joints though calculating the cross-correlation between these joints' mechanic variable. bi-articular muscles could contribute to the coupling relationship between adjacent joints. furthermore , human postural response to multiple direction perturbation can be decouple into two otrhogonal directions(AP and ML), which was dominated by flexor/dorsiflexor ankle net joint moment in the AP direction and enversor/inversor ankle NJS and hip ab/abductor NJS in ML direction. while, engaged leg model's  simulating results suggested that ankle stiffness in the ML seem not to be instrumental to stability, as well as validated by SIP. thus hip joint played an key role in frontal plane balance control during quiet standing  or mulitple direction perturbation involved right and left. Response delay caused by neuralsensory system and muscular contraction is about 140ms for young subject, and further delayed by 10 to 30 ms for the elderly, which has been taken as additional variable into biomechanical modelling either to reproduce the refined postural response as much as possible.  the inverted pendulum modelling involving time couse taken by neursensory high-lights the importance of co-adapting ankle stiffness and sensorimotor gains, or would induce worse  resulting initial conditions(COM fall faster and further) when the  supra-spinal control will have to deal with and increase the fall risk. thus, joint stiffness control could be important in response to unexpected external perturbation which would act immediatedly as the the joint angle changes, without time delay.

踝关节的矢状面和踝关节与髋关节的冠状面的控制是的正交的在不同方向的扰动中得到了证明。多平面耦合生物力学建模强调了髋关节在冠状面上的作用，踝关节内外翻的影响并不大



Candidate mechanisms range from active neural feedback control including spinal  reflexes and supra-spinal circuitry (e.g., see a recent review by Mori et al.,  2016) to simple stiffness control, which is related to the passive  characteristics of human biomechanics including mechanical impedance of muscles  and joints, or a combination of the two. This study aimed to examine which  mechanism was the most physiologically plausible





